gh-132969:  Fix error/hang when shutdown(wait=False) and task exited abnormally (#133222)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-04-30-19-32-18.gh-issue-132969.EagQ3G.rst

> Fixes error+hang when ProcessPoolExecutor shutdown called with wait=False and a task ended abnormally.

Reviewer: I am not a expert in news file, but it should be more literary.

Author: I have added more verbiage. I am not an expert either, so would be happy to take specific suggested text.

> Prevent the ProcessPoolExecutor executor thread, which remains running when shutdown is called with wait=False, from attempting to adjust the pool's worker processes after the object state has already been reset during shutdown. A combination of conditions, including a worker process having terminated abormally, resulted in an exception and a potential hang when the still-running executor thread attempted to replace dead workers within the pool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prevent the :class:`~concurrent.futures.ProcessPoolExecutor` executor thread,
which remains running when :meth:`shutdown(wait=False)
<concurrent.future.ProcessPoolExecutor.shutdown>`, from
attempting to adjust the pool's worker processes after the object state has already been reset during shutdown.
A combination of conditions, including a worker process having terminated abormally,
resulted in an exception and a potential hang when the still-running executor thread
attempted to replace dead workers within the pool.
```

> Prevent the ProcessPoolExecutor executor thread from tying to adjust worker processes after shutdown is called and object state has already been reset. Calling shutdown with wait=False resets the state of the ProcessPoolExecutor while still leaving the executor thread running. A combination of conditions including a worker process having terminated abormally and shutdown(wait=False) resulted in an exception when the executor thread tried to replace dead workers, and additionally the process could also potentially hang.

Reviewer: IMO your first sentence is explicit enough. I just suggest ta modify by adding `immediatly` as `after shutdown immediatly is called` part.
Any comments or suggestions are welcome from other reviewers.

Author: > modify by adding immediatly as after shutdown immediatly is called part.

The attempt by the executor thread to adjust worker processes occurs asynchronously at some pointer after shutdown resets the process pool executor's state, hence I don't think "immediately" would be correct in this context.

Reviewer: In the `shutdown`method, when wait is true, there is a `join` on the `_ExecutorManagerThread` thread. 
That why I propose to add  'immediatly'. It 's up to you.
